[cli] Add gas estimate feature (#17322)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/references/cli/ptb.mdx

The following list itemizes all the available args for the `sui client ptb` command. Use the `--help` for a long help version that includes some examples on how to use this command.

```

> Build, preview, and execute programmable transaction blocks. Depending on your shell, you might have to use quotes around arrays or other passed values. Use --help to see examples for how to use the core functionality of this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build, preview, and execute PTBs. Depending on your shell, you might have to use quotes around arrays or other passed values. Use --help to see examples for how to use the core functionality of this
```
This really should stay "PTBs" because it's defined as such at top of page.
